Fix the argumentAxis.categories description (T890311) (#847)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/20 Data Visualization Widgets/dxChart/1 Configuration/argumentAxis/categories.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies the order of categories on an axis of the *"discrete"* [type](/api-reference/20%20Data%20Visualization%20Widgets/dxChart/1%20Configuration/argumentAxis/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type').

---

> Arguments of the `string` type on discrete axes keep the order of objects in the data source. Arguments of the `number` and `date` types are sorted in ascending order regardless of the order they have in the data source. Specify the **categories** array to set the required order of arguments. In the following example, arguments are sorted alphabetically: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments of the `string` type on discrete axes maintain the order of objects in the data source. Arguments of the `number` and `date` types are sorted in ascending order regardless of their order within the data source. Specify the **categories** array to set the required order of arguments. In the following example, arguments are sorted alphabetically: 
```

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies the order of categories on an axis of the *"discrete"* [type](/api-reference/20%20Data%20Visualization%20Widgets/dxChart/1%20Configuration/argumentAxis/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type').

---
Arguments of the `string` type on discrete axes keep the order of objects in the data source. Arguments of the `number` and `date` types are sorted in ascending order regardless of the order they have in the data source.

> Specify the **categories** array to set the required order of arguments. In the following example, arguments are sorted alphabetically: 

Reviewer 2: Should this sentence be on a new line?

Specifies the order of categories on an axis of the *"discrete"* [type](/api-reference/20%20Data%20Visualization%20Widgets/dxChart/1%20Configuration/argumentAxis/type.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type').

---

> Arguments of the `string` type on discrete axes keep the order of objects in the data source. Assign an array of properly sorted arguments to the **categories** option to sort the arguments, for example, alphabetically: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arguments of the `string` type on discrete axes keep the order of objects in the data source. Assign an array of properly sorted arguments to the **categories** option to sort the arguments as you need, for example, alphabetically: 
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->$(function() {
        $('#chartContainer').dxChart({
            // ...
            dataSource: dataSource,
            argumentAxis: {
                categories: continentNames,
                argumentField: 'continent'
            }
        });

        const dataSource = [
            { continent: 'Asia', area: 43820000 },
            { continent: 'Africa', area: 30370000 },
            { continent: 'North America', area: 24490000 },
            { continent: 'South America', area: 17840000 },
            { continent: 'Antarctica', area: 13720000 },
            { continent: 'Europe', area: 10180000 },
            { continent: 'Australia', area: 9008500 }
        ];

        const continentNames = [
            'Africa', 
            'Antarctica', 
            'Asia', 
            'Australia',
            'Europe',
            'North America',
            'South America'
        ];
    });

##### Angular

>     <!--HTML--><dx-chart ...

Reviewer 2: The proper tab name is missing.

        [dataSource]="dataSource">
        <dxo-argument-axis
            [categories]="continentNames"

>             [argumentField]="continent">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            argumentField="continent">
```

        },
        data() {
            return {
                dataSource: [
                    { continent: 'Asia', area: 43820000 },
                    { continent: 'Africa', area: 30370000 },
                    { continent: 'North America', area: 24490000 },
                    { continent: 'South America', area: 17840000 },
                    { continent: 'Antarctica', area: 13720000 },
                    { continent: 'Europe', area: 10180000 },
                    { continent: 'Australia', area: 9008500 }

>                 ];

Reviewer 2: It's an object, it cannot contain semicolons.

```suggestion
                ],
```

>                 continentNames = [

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                continentNames: [
```

                    'Africa', 
                    'Antarctica', 
                    'Asia', 
                    'Australia',
                    'Europe',
                    'North America',
                    'South America'

>                 ];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                ]
```

---

> Arguments of the `number` and `date` types on discrete axes are sorted in ascending order regardless of the order they have in the data source. Do not specify the **categories** option for these argument types.

Reviewer 2: Is is forbidden to specify `categories` in this case, or are categories simply ignored?

---

> Arguments of the `number` and `date` types on discrete axes are sorted in ascending order regardless of the order they have in the data source.

Reviewer 2: It's now unclear why we mention numeric and date types if `categories` have no impact on them or their use is not recommended.
